The COVID-19 file shows the relationship between the proliferation of COVID-19 in China vs. the rest of the world. The data suggest that China was impacted a few months before the rest of the world, and as COVID-19 began to take hold in other countries, China's COVID-19 numbers leveled off. Using logarithmic regression, the rate of infection appears to be the same in China and the rest of the world. I also took a look at the countries with the inital highest cases of COVID-19 and the majority of them are in Western Europe. Italy topped the list with 31506 by mid-march with Iran at 16169, Spain at 11748 and Germanyat 9257 to name a few. 

The Food Price Forecase file takes a look at the food prices in Rwanda as agriculture makes up over 30% of it's economy and 60% of its exports. Specifically, I took a look at potato and pea prices with potatos increasing from 2013 and peas holding steady. I created a time series which indicated a strong seasonality and increase in prices after 2016. The same was conducted on pea prices with prices fluctuating seaonally, but increasing very little in the future. 

Lastly, the Sports Retail Optimization file looks at the differences between two common athletic footwear brands: Adidas and Nike. I took a look first at the different price categories to see if any one category performed better and found that products over $129 garnered the most profit in both companies with more profit made with increasing product prices. I also found that revenue was affected by the different discounts that the companies offerred. Nike offerred no discount while Adidas had an average discount of $33.45 per product. I also found that more reviews of products generated more revenue from the product, with the highest reviews being from those that had longer descriptions online. I also took a look at how time of the year affected reviews and found that more product reviews were submitted at the beginning of the year. This could be a spot for further investigation. Finally, I dove deeper into differences between products as opposed to brands and found that footwear vastly outperformed other clothing products six times over. 
